add some notes on actor creation (#282)
filecoin-project/specs: state-machine.md

The `global state` is modeled as a map of actor `ID`s to actor structs. This map is implemented by an ipld HAMT (TODO: link to spec for our HAMT) with the 'key' being the serialized ID address (every actor has an ID address that can be looked up via the `InitActor`), and the value is an [`Actor`](data-structures.md#actor) object with the actors information. Within each `Actor` object is a field called `state` that is an ipld pointer to a graph that can be entirely defined by the actor.

### Actor Creation

> There are two mechanisms by which an actor can be created. By explicitly invoking `exec` on the `Init` actor, and by sending a message to a public key address (secp256k1 or BLS, address types 1 and 3 respectively).

Reviewer: I'd prefer to have a single place of truth and use definitions rather than repeating specifics and their types in multiple places - makes it a lot more error-prone if you ever update something. Thus I'd replace this with:

```suggestion
There are two mechanisms by which an actor can be created. By explicitly invoking `exec` on the `Init` actor, and by sending a message to the [`Address` of a `Public Key`](address.md#protocol-indicator).
```

This way, if we extend the `Public Key`s `Address` is allowed to hold, we don't even have to update this.
